1. What are the advantages of using a VCS?
          Provides flexibility
          All the versions are easily available
          Changes can be tracked easily
          Provides backup

2. What is the difference between Git and SVN?


3. What is the difference between Git and Github?
                    
GitHub is an American company that provides hosting for software
development version control using Git. It offers all of the distributed version
control and source code management(SCM) functionality of Git as well as
adding its own features.


4. What language is used in Git?
Git uses 'C' language. GIT is fast, and 'C' language makes this
possible by reducing the overhead of run times associated with
high-level languages.

5. What language is used in Git?
Git uses 'C' language. GIT is fast, and 'C' language makes this
possible by reducing the overhead of run times associated with
high-level languages.

6. what is a distributed VCS?

7. Mention various Git repository hosting functions?

GitHub
Gitlab
Bitbucket
SourceForge
GitEnterprise

8. what is a repository in Git?

9. What is a bare repository in Git?

10.What is the function of git stash apply?
If you want to continue working where you had left your work then ‘git stash
apply' command is used to bring back the saved changes onto your current
working directory.

11. Explain some basic Git commands.

git init
git status
git clone <url>
git add
git commit
git push origin master

12.  How do you fix a broken commit?

13. What is a conflict in Git?

|Git can handle most on its own most merges by using its automatic merging features]

 
14. How do you resolve a conflict in Git?
15.How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?

There can be two approaches to tackle this question and make sure that you include
both because any of the below options can be used depending on the situation
syntax :   git revert
16. what is a subgit?
SubGit is a tool for SVN to Git migration. It can create a writable git mirror of a local
or remote Subversion repository and use both Subversion and Git as long as you like.
17.What is the difference between Git pull and fetch?
  git pull = git fetch + git merge

18.What is staging area or index?

19.git instaweb?

git instaweb’ is used to automatically direct a web browser and run a
webserver with an interface into your local repository.


20.git is tree?

git is-tree represents a tree object including the mode and the
name of each item and the SHA-1 value of the tree.

21.How to recover a deleted branch using git reflog?



 

 

 




